all right guys what is going on we have
10 packs to open right now we are going
to open up I think there's three or
sorry 287 50 packs and we've got 3 17 k
pack so we have 1 2 3 4 5 6 TK pack so
we have a lot of packs to open here I'm
gonna get a special guest for the last
couple of these facts my girlfriend's
gonna open up the last couple of them
and let's go here so i put the 87 50s
there is a milestone ray bourque
available so that would be kind of nice
to get really sick steam in the week
this week's turn it off we got Nikita
Filatov Darcy Kemper and actually not
too bad 15-game duration I'll take that
these 750 number two what are we gonna
get that we nice to get that Ray Bourque
that would be so sick and we get my boy
zack kassian might be traded pretty
quick here I would get a-changing
winnipeg Cassian Nieto and Danny
DeKeyser re 17 k path let's go with the
last one here changed up a little bit
let's go 17.5 k pack big money oh wow
chris tanev my boy got nick leddy jordan
nolan who else we got oh oh god why are
these so bad right now okay so that
didn't work as try the first one now
first 17 k back that one was beyond bad
just a quick sale pack we got Scotty
Hartnell hair flowing in the wind jhonas
enroth yuck again back to back to back
to back crappy facts 15-game duration I
haven't pulled anything in so long it
has been absolutely forever since I've
pulled anything even half decent let's
go last gold premium jumbo and then we
will hop into the 60k packs and this one
we get Danny Briere Troy Brouwer Michael
Ryder crappy players nothing hiding back
here we getting 15 game durations up the
ass but nothing else alright 60k player
premium pack best of the best let's go
with the middle one here we got five to
open let's go to the meadow
I think we have five anyways here we go
60 k pack and okay we got Marty Hanzel
to start it off and I see a Jonathan
Drouin there first off let's check the
quick sell if there's higher of a quick
sale i think it's like 75 hundred and
there's a special card and there's not
so I got Marty hanzel Savard Niskanen
Pavlik Drouin oh not looking good
Mihalik Klein garrison coil pit lick and
Elias Lindholm oh man we are getting
rammed so hard right now alright let's
go with the first one player premium
please be just just a little bit better
than the last one that would be so nice
l cannot looking good check the quick
sell no special card in this one kopecky
nyquist vattam in don't picking in
Gardner oh man this is so bad konnagar
Sobotka Kyle Palmieri wow this is brutal
all right we got three more chances here
give me like a mall can give me a
Stamkos make something worth this
because this has just been terrible
let's go to the middle one here 31 k
just in quick sells been so bad and oh
my god what is this shit no special card
golgowski oh do you a Fisher sill crap
crap crap crap quick sell I don't okay
special guest
Oh bullshit whoa why is that may be
ready board no that's really fucking
good and why is that a regular rate of
Arc I should be one of the new ones I'm
gonna contact EA right now but thank you
right now that is actually amazing ray
bourque what a pull you're the best so
holy shit ray bourque in her first pack
keep the luck up go get this one ray
bourque that's actually unreal at the
hell uh pack number two okay what I got
here poke anak pit look Hammond incline
no special card 84 Campbell Pavlik it's
gonna be a discard discard pack
discarded okay so we just discarded a
couple hot lives so we have one more
chance here she's gonna open it once
again here we go open now don't look
don't close your eyes close your eyes
pack is now open oh I'm not looking good
COK snack patch already not bad no
special card Ryan Ellis Michael Rock
ever going backwards Smee giordano
Waddell nothing Jeff Skinner and Valerie
Ned shoe skin so not bad at all we got
the 92 we got the Ray Bourque I'm gonna
contact e ay soo they can do see if it
can give me another one cuz there is a
much better one available the milestone
one but thanks for watching and I will
see you guys in the next one bye